hi girls so tonight I'm going
you make a video of my routine
capillary so that's what I
do it before my champion before my
very sorry shampoo during my
shampoo and after my shampoo so I
begins with firm year have induced
Abbey
I'm doing my oil bath with three to
four oils therefore prefer the moon in
oil number one
castor oil this title is very
nourishing and that is very well funny
forked dry hair devitalized and
crinkly
this oil favor the shoot so
that's why I took a liter
I did eat 1
second oil is my coconut oil
100% pure cheap at all I got it to
1 euro 50 barely
I am the local Indian not far from
at home this oil to bron faculty of
nourish the fiber deeply
capillary
so when the hair is very damaged
she feeds hair super bottom
like he's coconut oil the third
oil if jojoba oil this oil
also fed up and are more it is she
has the composition of sebum so it's up to
to say that you have oily hair or
dry it rebalances the sebum of the hair
regulate sebum production here
we'll say that like that so it's great
very well she feeds the hair too
and what's good is that she
softens the hair very well here
and my fourth he seduces you
know all the olive oil
so it's 100% ultra olive oil
virgin cold pressed found
everywhere in the shops
I usually mix this oil
my bio that after shampooing
not find here I still did not want to
saw cecci moster so it's an after
shampoo to African black soap
conditional ballerinas super good
because in this app shampoo it
there is no paraben
no paraffin no gluten to the pros
living lincoln with mineral oil hoyos
sorry nothing chemical and not rea
good for the hair
so it's top I mix it to my three
oils a tablespoon each or
two according to the length of your hair
here I mix allows to pose during
an hour or all night
so know at least three hours these
walls where all night if you can
So here I shave them
hair in the morning and I wash them
hair either with a mild shampoo
so without sulphate without anything of
disgusting square where I wash them
shampoos I want to wash the hair
sorry with the cream of the heart of me
jessie is a shampoo without sulfate
in fact if there is no foaming base
those that allow less damage to the
hair is not the laghrissi
especially so we do not find it often
So to buy online or to
United States this is my favorite too
it's cheaper and so effective
cell will make sweet garnish the after
shampoo so it's
very dry or curly hair my case that
works very well
it wash my hair knew that it washes
it's not because it's not because
that it does not foam that it does not wash
vote you this idea of ​​the head 1 the
girls washing and your hair is very
very sweet after they really keep
hydration
then once I've passed all and
all these steps
I apply a living conditioners so
what is a living room
Commissionaires it's a deep care
without rinsing me I use the chi
drummer then super super the composition
is not very organic but in any case it
works nothing to say at the level of
the story of your hair hydration
missed for almost a week or
five days super then has my new
acquisition if the king curling note said
also there is a living conditioners
so it's a detangler also moisturizing
super good after your shampoo so
once you've done it all is
well your hair they are much better
So here you have questions
do not hesitate m
contact me and I will answer you
with pleasure
go ciao ciao